Bookmarks.txt


Handling of Bookmarks to be equal in home, job and mobile phone.


Falkon bookmarks are stored in a SQLite database.
Multi-level bookmarks are fully supported in Falkon.

Policy to use address bar:
1. Very frequent use and you remember the beginning of the URL.

Policy to use bookmarks:
1. You need it frequently or fast or it is very very important.
2. No double information (weather forecast can be excepted)
3. Only what you need not what you want.
4. Order bookmarks and folder, how frequently you use and how important it is.
5. Bookmarks to vector based maps should be used and not raster maps.
6. Less is more.

We will use Falkon browser as source. Job computer (Firefox) and mobile phone as target.

You can use bookmarks.html as a template, see bookmarks.html in this project.

1. Falkon (at home)

1.1 Falkon (import file at home)    // You have a fine organized Bookmarks file
1.1.1 Click Main Menu icon in the toolbar
1.1.2 Click on Bookmarks, then click on "Organize Bookmarks".
1.1.3 Click "Import and Export" drop down list, then click "Import Bookmarks".
1.1.4 Choose what Bookmarks file you have. If you have a html file and choose "Html file" and click Next button.
1.1.5 Chose the "bookmarks.html" and click Next button.
1.1.6 Look on the structure and if it is okay click on the Finish button.
1.1.7 Under "Unsorted Bookmarks", "HTML import", "Bookmarks Menu"; Drag MyBookmarks to the upper "BookMarks Menu"

1.2 Falkon (create file at home)    // You do not have a fine organized Bookmarks file

1.2.1 Fix folders
Settings button, Bookmarks, Organize Bookmarks,
Right click on "Bookmarks Menu" and choose New Folder and Title insert "MyBookmarks"
Right click on "MyBookmarks" and choose "New Folder" 10 times
Insert in Title field the folder names below:
IT
Dictionary
SearchEngine
Wiki
Weather
Map
Finance
Secondhand
Law
Traffic

1.2.2 Populate the folders with URL:s
1.2.2.1 In the address bar insert (the first) URL: http://lxer.com/
1.2.2.2 Settings button, Bookmarks, Bookmark This Page, Choose IT
1.2.2.3 Return to 2.1 with all other URL:s.

1.2.3 Export the Bookmarks
1.2.3.1 Settings button, Bookmarks, Organize Bookmarks, Import and Export drop down list, choose Export Bookmarks, click on Choose for directory for you bookmarks.html.
1.2.3.2 Copy bookmarks.html to your backup device.
1.2.3.3 Write in the address bar the beginng of one of the bookmarks and you will see an icon to the right that show it is an bookmark.


2. Firefox (import file at job)

2.1 Get multi-level bookmarks support
2.1.1 Click on the library icon on your Firefox toolbar.
2.1.2 Click on Bookmarks, then click on Bookmarking Tools.
2.1.3 Click on Add Bookmarks Menu to the Toolbar.
2.1.4 A Bookmarks Menu  Bookmark Menu icon (star on tray) icon will be added to your toolbar.
2.1.5 Click on the new Bookmarks Menu icon and you have multi-level bookmarks support.

2.2 Preimport cleaning
Click on New icon.
Click on "Show All Bookmarks". I have now a bigger tree:
History
Downloads
Tags
All Bookmarks
 Bookmarks Toolbar
  Most Visited
 Bookmarks Menu
  Recent Tags       // Empy Smart Bookmark, I deleted this.
  Mozilla firefox   // Empy Bookmark, I deleted this.
  Recently Bookmarked
  Recent Tags       // Empy Smart Bookmark, I deleted this.
  Dictionary        // I deleted this.
  General           // I deleted this.
  Mozilla Firefox   // Empy Bookmark, I deleted this.
  Weather           // I deleted this.
  Bookmarks Toolbar // Smart Bookmark which point to the same Bookmarks as above, I deleted this "only the smart folder" not the Bookmarks in it.
  Unsorted Bookmarks
   Lavabit..        // I deleted this.
   UTF-8...         // I deleted this.
 Other Bookmarks    // The "Other Bookmarks" folder is used to store bookmarks that you create by clicking the star on the Navigation Toolbar.
   ...              // I deleted all under "Other Bookmarks"
Close the window.

2.3 Import Bookmarks    // Html bookmarks file are appended to existing bookmarks Firefox.
Click on New icon.
Click on "Show All Bookmarks"
Click the drop down "Import and Backup" and choose "Import Bookmarks from HTML"
Chose the "bookmarks.html" I have exported from Falkon
Close the window.

2.4 Postimport cleaning
Click on New icon.
Click on "Show All Bookmarks"
2.4.1
I have now 2 levels of
BookMarks Menu
 BookMarks Menu
  MyBookmarks
Drag MyBookmarks to the upper "BookMarks Menu"
Delete the under "BookMarks Menu" which is empty now.
2.4.2
I got these 2 extra folders under "BookMarks Menu" after Import.
BookMarks Menu
 Bookmarks Toolbar  // I deleted this (I already have this on a level up)
 Unsorted Bookmarks // I have 2 of this. I deleted the one which came after Import
Close the window.
2.4.3 Write in the address bar the beginng of one of the bookmarks and you will see an icon to the right that show it is an bookmark.


3. Mobile Phone (Sailfish OS)

3.1 Attach to a mail Falkon exported bookmarks.html to your webmail in mobile phone. Open the mail and the attached bookmarks.html in your phone.
3.1.1 Touch the link
3.1.2 Star the link // Bookmark it
3.1.3 Back button to the bookmarks.html
3.1.3 Return to 3.1.1 with all other URL:s.


You have now control of your Bookmarks!
